c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\Szpadelek.xr.xml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\Szpadelek.exe
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\Szpadelek.pdb
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\Szpadelek.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\HubPage.g.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\ItemPage.g.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\SectionPage.g.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\HubPage.xaml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xaml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xaml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\HubPage.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\ItemPage.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\SectionPage.xbf
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\Szpadelek.exe
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\Szpadelek.pdb
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\luk\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\Szpadelek.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\Szpadelek.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\LinkPage.g.i.cs
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\LinkPage.g.cs
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\LinkPage.xaml
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\obj\Debug\LinkPage.xbf
C:\Users\luk\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Szpadelek\Szpadelek\bin\Debug\LinkPage.xbf
